some refinements to building page (#702)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs: documentation/docs/pages/infrastructure/Releases.md

## Releases

> The main publically announced releases related to ACCESS OM3 are releases of model configurations. Model configurations include a very of the model software, and are known to be reasonably stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main publicly announced releases related to ACCESS OM3 are releases of model configurations. Model configurations include a version of the model software, and are known to be reasonably stable.
```
